README.md, before:

array_lib
======

A JavaScript Array library.  Inspired by Python and Scheme's SRFI-1.

[Python's list methods can be found here.]()
[The spec for SRFI-1 can be found here.](http://srfi.schemers.org/srfi-1/srfi-1.html)



## Naming ##

Most functions are non-destructive, that is, they don't modify the original array.  Functions which do modify the original array end with a $ symbol.


## Tests ##

A test suite is included. Currently it is part of the main array_lib.js file and is run upon loading the library.


## Documentation ##



### Equality and comparison ###

* [is_equal](#is_equal) <a id="i_is_equal"/>


### map, fold, reduce, etc ###

* [map](#map)  [map$](#map$) <a id="i_map"/>


### Filtering and partitioning ###

* [filter](#filter) [filter$](#filter$) <a id="i_filter"/>
* [remove](#remove) [remove$](#remove$) <a id="i_remove"/>

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Equality and comparison ###

<a id="is_equal"/> [**is_equal**](#i_is_equal)

General array equality, eq is an optional function that accepts 2 arguments and returns a boolean value (defaults to ===).

    is_equal(42, 42) //===> true
    is_equal([1, 2, 3], [1, 2, 3]) //===> true
    is_equal([1, [2, 3]], [1, [2, 3]]) //===> true

<br /><br />

### map, fold, reduce, etc ###

<a id="map"/> [**map**](#i_map)  
<a id="map$"/> [**map$**](#i_map)

Returns a new array that is the result of applying fn to each element of array.  fn is a function taking as many arguments as there are array arguments and returning a single value.

    map(function (x) { return x+1; }, [0, 1, 2]) //===> [1, 2, 3]
    map(function (x, y) { return x+y; }, [0, 1, 2], [3, 4, 5]) //===> [3, 5, 7]
    map(function (x, y) { return x+y; }, [0, 1, 2, 10], [3, 4, 5]) //===> [3, 5, 7]
    map(function (x, y) { return x+y; }, [0, 1, 2], [3, 4, 5, 10]) //===> [3, 5, 7]

\* map$ is allowed, but not required, to destructively update the first array argument to produce its result.

<br /><br />

### Filtering and partitioning ###

<a id="filter"/> [**filter**](#i_filter)  
<a id="filter$"/> [**filter$**](#i_filter)

Return a new array consisting of all the elements for which pred(element) returns true.

    filter(function (x) { return x < 3; }, [1, 2, 3, 4]) //===> [1, 2]

\* filter$ is allowed, but not required, to destructively update the array argument to produce its result.

<br />

<a id="remove"> [**remove**](#i_remove)  
<a id="remove$"> [**remove$**](#i_remove)

Remove count elements for which pred(element) returns true and return a newly allocated array.  If count is not provided all elements for which pred(element) returns true will be removed.

    remove(function (x) { return x === 2; }, [1, 2, 3, 4]) //===> [1, 3, 4]
    remove(function (x) { return x < 3; }, [1, 3, 2, 4]) //===> [3, 4]
    remove(function (x) { return x < 5; }, [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7], 2) //===> [3, 4, 5, 6, 7]

\* remove$ is allowed, but not required, to destructively update the array argument to produce its result.

Commit message:

Added a note to README about GitHub's lack of support for reference links.

README.md, after:

array_lib
======

A JavaScript Array library.  Inspired by Python and Scheme's SRFI-1.

[Python's list methods can be found here.]()
[The spec for SRFI-1 can be found here.](http://srfi.schemers.org/srfi-1/srfi-1.html)



## Naming ##

Most functions are non-destructive, that is, they don't modify the original array.  Functions which do modify the original array end with a $ symbol.


## Tests ##

A test suite is included. Currently it is part of the main array_lib.js file and is run upon loading the library.


## Documentation ##

\* GitHub does not yet support internal reference links in README files, so the TOC is non-working.

### Equality and comparison ###

* [is_equal](#is_equal) <a id="i_is_equal"/>


### map, fold, reduce, etc ###

* [map](#map)  [map$](#map$) <a id="i_map"/>


### Filtering and partitioning ###

* [filter](#filter) [filter$](#filter$) <a id="i_filter"/>
* [remove](#remove) [remove$](#remove$) <a id="i_remove"/>

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Equality and comparison ###

<a id="is_equal"/> [**is_equal**](#i_is_equal)

General array equality, eq is an optional function that accepts 2 arguments and returns a boolean value (defaults to ===).

    is_equal(42, 42) //===> true
    is_equal([1, 2, 3], [1, 2, 3]) //===> true
    is_equal([1, [2, 3]], [1, [2, 3]]) //===> true

<br /><br />

### map, fold, reduce, etc ###

<a id="map"/> [**map**](#i_map)  
<a id="map$"/> [**map$**](#i_map)

Returns a new array that is the result of applying fn to each element of array.  fn is a function taking as many arguments as there are array arguments and returning a single value.

    map(function (x) { return x+1; }, [0, 1, 2]) //===> [1, 2, 3]
    map(function (x, y) { return x+y; }, [0, 1, 2], [3, 4, 5]) //===> [3, 5, 7]
    map(function (x, y) { return x+y; }, [0, 1, 2, 10], [3, 4, 5]) //===> [3, 5, 7]
    map(function (x, y) { return x+y; }, [0, 1, 2], [3, 4, 5, 10]) //===> [3, 5, 7]

\* map$ is allowed, but not required, to destructively update the first array argument to produce its result.

<br /><br />

### Filtering and partitioning ###

<a id="filter"/> [**filter**](#i_filter)  
<a id="filter$"/> [**filter$**](#i_filter)

Return a new array consisting of all the elements for which pred(element) returns true.

    filter(function (x) { return x < 3; }, [1, 2, 3, 4]) //===> [1, 2]

\* filter$ is allowed, but not required, to destructively update the array argument to produce its result.

<br />

<a id="remove"> [**remove**](#i_remove)  
<a id="remove$"> [**remove$**](#i_remove)

Remove count elements for which pred(element) returns true and return a newly allocated array.  If count is not provided all elements for which pred(element) returns true will be removed.

    remove(function (x) { return x === 2; }, [1, 2, 3, 4]) //===> [1, 3, 4]
    remove(function (x) { return x < 3; }, [1, 3, 2, 4]) //===> [3, 4]
    remove(function (x) { return x < 5; }, [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7], 2) //===> [3, 4, 5, 6, 7]

\* remove$ is allowed, but not required, to destructively update the array argument to produce its result.
